---
layout: post
title: "Breaking the virginity: my first flight"
date: 2022-01-09
--- 

It was October of 2020, I was staying away from my home and parents alone in Bangalore. It was my first time staying alone in a new city, with almost no friends (not like I have many). At times I used to feel depressed and lonely, moreover, I did not even have roommates, which meant I could not even share how I felt with anyone. I had a few friends talking to me over the phone, video calls, and stuff which helped at times. But, it is not as effective as face-to-face talk. In a new city, it takes time to get accustomed to the food, their culture, and things like that. It took me a few health issues to get used to the food. By the end of the first month, I was homesick.

Fortunately, Diwali was approaching which means holidays. We were instructed by HR that we could not use public transport such as buses or trains to travel to our hometowns (as a precaution towards covid-19). However, we were allowed to take a flight. I had never traveled on flights before, and I wasn't sure whether I should travel to my hometown or not. But, I was homesick, so I decided to take the plunge. The thought of traveling usually excites me and this time, I was about to try something new, so I was even more excited. I began to search on the internet and after a few iterations, I decided to go ahead with Indigo (the cheapest available at the time). The flight was scheduled at 06:25 a.m. on 13th November 2020. You need to report at least two hours before departure, which meant I had to reach the airport before 04:30 a.m.(not a very convenient time to travel). 

The airport was 30 k.m. from where I stayed, and I had to figure out a way to reach the airport. I was too anxious (I always am) that I might miss the flight. I started taking opinions from people who had traveled in flights before, watched a few youtube videos before I felt confident about it. The wait was almost over, and I was supposed to travel the next day. I had begun packing a week before out of excitement, also, I had to make sure, the weight was within limits. I had bought a few Diwali gifts to take home. I was confused about whether I should take a bus to reach the airport which is significantly cheaper as compared to a cab. But, I wasn't sure whether the bus would stop at a bus stop at such a weird time. After going through a lot of dilemmas, I decided to take a cab to be on the safer side. I decided that would take a cab at 01:30 a.m., which would reach my airport in under an hour and then do through all the procedures and then wait for the boarding. I prebooked an ola cab, and things went exactly as planned, the streets were empty at this time, which are usually busy with bustling traffic, it seemed as though I was in a different city altogether. 

Within three-quarters of an hour, I reached the airport(Kempegowda International Airport), it was enormous with beautiful lights. It was a busy place with lots of people outside the airport and to be honest, I had no idea what was to be done from thereon. I looked around, someone approached me asking whether I needed some help, I denied it (I guess he was looking for money). I saw people entering the airport from a gate, and I got in the line. They were checking for boarding passes to ensure only people with prebookings were entering the airport. I had got my boarding pass and baggage tags printed. So, I entered the airport, I was again clueless. I saw people rushing around the corners and I was confused. I approached a guy who seemed some official of Indigo, he asked me to print a baggage tag at a kiosk at the airport itself (because it would be easier to stick it). I approached the kiosk and I had no idea how to use it. I went to a lady asking for help, she denied saying she wasn't a person working for Indigo(apparently she was working for some other airlines). After waiting for some time, I asked another lady for help. A smart, young woman, dressed in a saree helped me, she was very polite and helpful. 

After getting the tags printed, I went towards the baggage area, where they would weigh it and send it to the appropriate flight. After depositing my bag, I wasn't sure what was to be done next, and I thought next I would be boarding the flight. And then, I saw another long queue, which was for airport security check. The security at the airport is very strict. It was on the first floor and looking at the crowd on the elevator, I decided to take the stairs (a smart move after all). I got in the line, and I saw some trays where you have to keep all your belongings you carry including your phone, watch, bag, etc., which would go through the x-ray machine to look for anything suspicious. I kept my bag, phone, watch, all in the same tray, passed the security check, and at the other end waited for my bag. I saw my bag was stuck at a station, we have to keep electronic components from the bag separate. I realized my laptop was in the bag and hence it didn't make it through.  I told the security personnel about it and she got upset and started scolding me. I had to bear her since I did not have a choice. She checked my bag and let me go. I took all my stuff and was about to move ahead when I realized my watch was missing. It was a very old watch but my favorite one, and I couldn't let it go. I told the officer about it and he asked me whether I was sure I had not kept the watch in my bag. He asked any idle security personnel to put my bag in the x-ray machine and check for the watch, she couldn't find anything.

Another officer asked me at which station I had passed the security check, he went and looked around the place and found my watch stuck in the x-ray machine. I thanked them and left with my watch. It was 3:30 a.m. and I was already at the boarding gate. The boarding was about to begin at 05:45 a.m. and somehow I had to pass my time. So, I decided to look around the place, nothing new that I could see, except pretty air-hostesses. I came back and sat at the boarding gate. I listened to a few songs, and somehow time passed. I was happy that nothing is stopping me now from my first flight. The air-hostess began calling out for Indigo Bangalore to Goa flight passengers, you know the typical _" may I have your attention please..."_. I waited for some time and then went towards the gate. On the other side of the gate were buses waiting to take you to the flight. They did not seem any normal buses, longer and wider than the usual ones. I got a sight of the airport which seemed like an open ground with flights parked in a row waiting to take off. After standing on the bus for around 10 mins., I reached the flight waiting for us to take us to Goa. 

I had booked a window seat to make my experience even more memorable. After some time, all the passengers were on board, and the flight started to move. My excitement was pumping. While the flight was on the ground, the crew began to give instructions. To be honest, I was a little scared while listening to the instructions and thought I should have gone on a bus or something. They were explaining about emergency landing and stuff, while the flight was still moving on the ground and I was excited as ever. After a while, the plane started to move at a much faster pace and suddenly I was flying!!! My ears felt the pressure difference, my heart in my mouth and my stomach floating in the air. The sun was rising and it was a beautiful sight of cutting through the clouds and rays of sun slapping on my face. The plane was at an inclination. The feeling was just awesome which cannot be described in words. If you have ever sat in a giant wheel, then you can say it's a micro version of a flight taking off. After some time, I was above the clouds, and looking down, I could see sights of villages and towns miniaturized. The scenery was just beautiful. I got a complimentary snack and drink on board. 

Within 45 minutes, I saw the sea beneath me, which meant I was nearing my hometown. And suddenly the plane was at 45 degrees declination, and again my stomach was floating. I just loved the feeling though. And suddenly I was approaching the ground, the wheels of the plane touched the ground and I felt the impact. The journey was so small, it felt like some free trial. Fortunately, everything went smoothly and as planned. While deboarding, I thanked the crew for an amazing experience, and finally, I was back home!!!! _(Welcome to Goa Singham?)_